you know I think we agreed you have a
lot of potential I think you could be
great
like I said we had a lot of work to do
I just just hope for the best party
what have you seen on the team so far to
seek work out some do you think that has
a potential to be a great team and have
a great season you know what I think
during the workouts we all worked hard
we always thought every day I workouts
were a lot different the last year a lot
more intense this year with a lot more
running so
just done a lot more in the off season
this year and good last year so i think
i will show how much different is it for
you obviously at this time last year
everything was kind of new now you're
stepping into a much bigger role you
through it for a year how much different
is is just like mentally for you
comparing the season you know it's a lot
different last year I didn't know what
to come in to expect
three guards I didn't know how many
guards filters in place but uh initiate
our big so I mean I'm trying to get
everyone else ready because I know that
what I went through last year preparing
me for this year a lot of other people
didn't go do that so I'm just just
trying to get everyone I was ready how
big of a help isn't to have a guy with
so much experience like brandon has
that's definitely helpful he's been
through a lot and I've seen a lot since
he's been here he just was a big big
part of this team this year and I'm just
having to have a by my side so something
like you guys lost a lot from last
year's that's something that you
actively think about like guys like you
and CJ that you've got to step up for
those guys that left or is it just kind
of a completely new team altogether I
say it's a completely new team
altogether we all really worried about
too much about last year we all be a CJ
we best friends on the team so we always
talk about okay they're gone out to talk
to him there's a lot of time to leave
you to it we're excited for that last
year's team had a lot of returning guys
that were fighting a lot and it seems
like it was kind of you are stepping
into a much bigger role you've got some
freshmen that are going to play Trevor
coming off the red shirt you think this
may be a team that we're going to see
has a lot of room to grow like as the
season goes on because you have so many
young guys definitely I think we have a
lot of work to do
definitely see us grow crops using a
home you should get better and better at